Version 1.0.0 - 14 April, 2021
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

!!! Backwards compatibility warning !!!

This is a Major udate to the Vespa package. The two most important changes are:

 1) the Vespa code base has been updated to Python 3. 
 2. the Vespa code repository and docs have moved to GitHub and GitHub Pages
 
Due to a lot of free time during the COVID-19 pandemic, Vespa has been 
rewritten, refactored, and redesigned to work under Python 3.x. Due to numerous 
changes in the Vespa code, this version does NOT work in Python 2.7.x anymore. 
But, the overall program is backwards compatible at the level of the Vespa 
database and VIFF and other saved file formats. Ie. it should read in your old 
*.xml results sets just fine.

We have bumped a major version number to 1.0.0 to reflect this change. There
may still be a few bugs under the hood from all the coding 'improvements' but
we are working diligently to squash them all as reported.

Note. To use Vespa 1.0.0 you MUST do a 'new' install into a Python 3.7 
environment. If you have a previous Vespa installation, the new version should 
find and make use of your existing Vespa database. 

Analysis
--------------
- added algorithms to Preprocess tab for more Coil combination, Data Exclusion,
  B0 and Phase Correction, and more ways to display and review results.
- added standard data parsers for Philips DICOM MRS files, Siemens Twix sLASER
  files from CMRR, Siemens Twix svs_se and Twix svs_se_edit WIP529 files.
- moved wavelet filter baseline code into Python code
- moved HLSVDPro water removal into Python code
- HLSVDPro results from the Analysis 'Spectral' sub-tab can now be output for
  use in other applications or user's projects.
- added LMFIT optimizaton to Analysis to allow users to set inequality constraints
  on metabolite frequencies to better separate small peaks from larger ones to
  which they are adjacent.
- there is a single and multi-page results output called 'LCM Layout' that can
  be sent to PDF or PNG. This simulates a layout similar to LCModel.

Simulation
-------------
- slight change to default plot layouts in the Experiment-Visualize sub-tab.
  Windows are set up at tabs on first plot. User can then move the tabs into
  a more side-by-side layout if they desire.
- updated example Pulse Sequence and Experiments to Python 3

Pulse
-------------
- updated example Pulse Designs and Transform Kernels to Python 3

DataSim
-------------
- The previous 'Priorset' app has been renamed to 'DataSim' for better clarity
  (otherwise known as a 'marketing decision' :)
- Separated the 'Baseline' tab into two separate tabs now called 'Baseline' and
  'Macromolecules'. This allows users to create these two signal contributions
  separately using either Gaussian or Lorentzian lineshapes.
- HSLVDPro fitting results from the Analysis 'Spectral' sub-tab can be read
  in to the 'Macromolecules' tab and turned on/off to create a simulated MMol
  signal contribution.

Vespa is now on GitHub!
---------------------------------------------
This is the first release from Vespa's new GitHub repository. Due to an 
unfortunate (or fortuitous) server crash, the Vespa project and documentation 
(installation, user manuals and development topics) have relocated to GitHub:

https://github.com/vespa-mrs/vespa      (Vespa source repository)
https://vespa-mrs.github.io/vespa.io/   (Vespa Pages web site)

The Vespa repository remains primarily a resource for developers as the Vespa
package should still be installed from PyPI under the name of Vespa-Suite:

https://pypi.org/project/Vespa-Suite/

Please note that the PyGAMMA/GAMMA package, one of Vespa's dependencies, has
also been updated to Python 3.x and relocated to GitHub at:

https://github.com/pygamma-mrs/gamma/     (PyGAMMA/GAMMA source repository)
https://pygamma-mrs.github.io/gamma.io/   (PyGAMMA/GAMMA GitHub Pages web site)

Please note that both Pages sites are still in the process of being translated
from Trac, so there may be typos, broken links, poor formatting, etc. We 
appreciate your patience during this process.




